pokemon! (#789)
rfordatascience/tidytuesday: data/curated/pokemon/intro.md

> <!-- 
> 1. Describe the dataset. See previous weeks for the general format of the
> DESCRIPTION. The description is the part of the readme.md file above "The Data";
> everything else will be filled in from the other md files in this directory +
> automatic scripts. We usually include brief introduction along the lines of
> "This week we're exploring DATASET" or "The dataset this week comes from 
> SOURCE", then a quote starting with ">", then a few questions participants might
> seek to answer using the data. 
> 2. Delete this comment block.
> -->
> DESCRIPTION
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This part is a description for you, and shouldn't appear in your intro.

> This week we are exploring Pokemon! This dataset is sourced from a CRAN library which provides Pokemon information in both English and Brazilian Portuguese. (also on GitHub: https://github.com/williamorim/pokemon/)
> 
> The dataset contains 949 rows and 22 columns, including information such as the Pokemon’s name, ID, height, weight, stats, type, and more.
> 
> > A dataset of Pokemon information

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This week we are exploring Pokemon! This dataset is sourced from {pokemon} ([CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org/package=pokemon) | [github](https://github.com/williamorim/pokemon)), an R package which provides Pokemon information in both English and Brazilian Portuguese.

> This package provides a dataset of Pokemon information in both English and Brazilian Portuguese. The dataset contains 949 rows and 22 columns, including information such as the Pokemon’s name, ID, height, weight, stats, type, and more.
```

> 
> QUESTION?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
This is intended as a prompt to you, to add one or more questions to the end of the introduction.
